Add Collection Controller Documentation (#37)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/controllers/collection/search-specifications/index.md

| `options` | <pre>Options.SearchOptions</pre> | Query options                           |

### options

| Options  | Type                         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|----------|------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `From`   | <pre>int</pre><br/>(`0`)     | Offset of the first document to fetch                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `Size`   | <pre>int</pre><br/>(`10`)    | Maximum number of documents to retrieve per page                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `Scroll` | <pre>string</pre><br/>(`""`) | When set, gets a forward-only cursor having its ttl set to the given value (ie `30s`; cf [elasticsearch time limits](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/5.6/common-options.html#time-units)) |

Reviewer: * this parameter is `null` by default
* acronyms should be capitalized

```suggestion
| `Scroll` | <pre>string</pre><br/>(`null`) | When set, gets a forward-only cursor having its TTL set to the given value (i.e. `30s`; cf. [Elasticsearch time limits](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/5.6/common-options.html#time-units)) |
```
